do you think that Hollywood is just
never going to respond and people should
follow the path you take which is to do
your own stuff to write your own scripts
produce your own work or is there change
that is going to happen eventually
Hollywood is not in the business of
making social adjustments that's not why
they're in business they're in business
to make money if they can find a way to
utilize something that you have to bring
to the screen that they can make money
off then they listen it's not about it's
not about changing their attitudes for
blacks to get more work if a black comes
in you know and has some something that
he can bring to the table some identity
that I brought to the table as an
ex-football player and then turn out to
be also a good actor then certainly they
utilize you to a certain extent the idea
after you get your foot in the door is
to get your foot out of the door and go
do your own thing because that's they
only give you you know part of what you
want so you have to bring your own thing
to the table I mean they're not they're
not there in the business to make money
they don't care about what you say about
them they have two or three meetings
every month all the heads of the studios
have meetings every month and I
guarantee you what they do is planned
it's planned right now they're they're
into empowering the woman okay so that's
easy to do because there's no social
threat to make a woman a star on
television but if you make a brother
star then there's a possibility that he
may be dating your daughter or your
sister right are your uncle's daughter
right so they're not interested in
creating that kind of social problems to
bring a woman into television there's a
couple of females now who are black who
have television shows mm-hmm
but that's adhering to all this talk
about women not getting roles so as I
said there's no there's no social
pressure right good I I think though I
mean with someone like you know
Shonda Rhimes for instance you know
having somebody having a black woman who
actually has the power to write a show
produce a show I think having you know
people of color women in positions of
power does make a difference would you
agree do you think part of it is
changing who's at the top no that's
that's not good enough they for you to
find a way to produce and write and get
a film made you still need a distributor
so now it's up to the distributor to
decide how much money and effort he's
going to put into the project to release
it you can have the greatest product in
the world but if nobody knows you have
it it's worthless
so this empowering the woman fits in to
where we are right now so they take a
film like Selma and they spend a lot of
money putting out maybe three thousand
thirty five hundred prints right away so
that it makes it money right away and
then we didn't see if anybody else is
going to see they know when they put it
out the black audiences is going to run
to it but does it have legs will it have
legs I think that's why it didn't get a
lot of recognition beyond the director
into the Academy Awards because it's a
film gear to the black audience and they
want to see if it's going to last
right you know and if you look at who is
leading the March is Oprah Winfrey but
Oprah has a plan Oprah has the power to
adhere to the black public and represent
blackness and then go to her TV show and
become colorless sometimes gray in her
television show she doesn't represent
blackness on her television show but in
our movies if you notice every movie
that she makes she is representing
blackness she takes off her makeup she
shows how fat she is and she wears these
unsexy clothes and that's Oprah being
Oprah but she only does that because she
knows she can go back to her show or do
her Oh magazine and they take 25 pounds
off for each hip and she looks like
she's a 92 pounder on the cover of her
old magazine I think you're being unfair
that picture of Oh magazine is Oprah
come on I think I mean do do you think
that you are you are you saying that
someone like Oprah is being inconsistent
instead of you know pandering to
particular audiences is that saying
Oprah has a plan right and her plan is
to represent right in the movies right
because if you notice every movie that
she's made has been about black
suffering about blacks being treated
injustice within justice then she goes
and does her television show which is
not representing right blackness is
representing Oprah as an entertainer
right so she has the power mm-hmm to
make this transition to represent and to
go back being a black actor is a very
difficult situation to maintain
representation mm-hmm and also maintain
what you really want to do right I'm
lucky because I represent and at the
same time I'm doing what I want to do
right so I have I don't have the power
but I have the wheel right